ok
people when they think of space
they typically imagine 0g where
everything is floating but
that's not a prerequisite for
being in space if you have a
rotating space station by way of
the centrifugal force of the
rotating wheel you can create
any fraction of gravity you want
even 1g which would be
equivalent to earth right on
that outer perimeter so if you
could be in space and on that
perimeter and 1g and it is no
different than what you'd be
doing here on earth at all but
if you don't rotate up and
you're sort of drifting towards
your destination you are
weightless and then everything
is different if you're having
sex in a weightless environment
you need things like straps are
probably some people who are
fully equipped with this anyway
but I'm just saying you begin to
see the manifestations of
Newton's laws of motion you're
there floating in space and then
you move towards someone and
they just sort of bounced off
and then you know the movement
is sort of preserve there's no
friction there's no so there you
go so if you want to sort of get
together stay together you need
something like to keep you
together during all the normal
body movements that would
characterize having sex in space
so yeah just just bring a lot of
leather belt to keep things
strap tapping and you'll be just
fine